Update docs for `static_hosts` in Windows Desktop configuration (#35805)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/desktop-access/getting-started.mdx

   In this file:

   - Set the `proxy_server` to the address of your Teleport cluster.

>    - List the Windows IP addresses or host names under `static_hosts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - List the Windows desktops under `static_hosts`.
```

1. (Optional) Add labels for the Windows Desktop Service to the configuration file.

>    You can add labels to Windows computers using `label` section in host config. For example, the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can add labels to Windows computers using the `labels` section of the host config. For example, the following
```

>    adds the `important: true` label:

Reviewer: I wouldn't use `true` as an example here, just because labels is a `map[string]string` and `true` will want to unmarshal to a bool by default.

Author: I updated it to `datacenter: dc1`
